Add ElevenLabs bits (#40)
encoredev/examples: bits/speech/README.md

> Encore Bit for generating text to speech audio from [ElevenLabs](https://elevenlabs.io/) generative voice AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an Encore package for generating text-to-speech audio using [ElevenLabs](https://elevenlabs.io/) generative voice AI API.
```
